_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

moving old website to the new template

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
<!-- subtitle: <a href='#'>UT Austin</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc. -->

profile:
  align: right
  image: leqi_new.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <center><p> <a>Office:</a> CBA 6.422 </p></center>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome! I am an AI researcher currently focusing on understanding and developing large language models. My overarching research goal is to build controllable machine intelligence that serves humanity safely. To achieve this, my work spans three key areas: (1) investigating the foundations of state-of-the-art machine intelligence, with a particular focus on generative AI systems; (2) designing principled frameworks for human-centered machine learning that model human preferences and behaviors, integrating these models into machine learning pipelines for applications such as healthcare, recommender systems, and education; and (3) evaluating and auditing the societal impacts of large-scale AI systems, including large language models and recommender systems.

I hold appointments as an Assistant Professor in use-inspired AI at the [Department of Information, Risk, and Operations Management](https://www.mccombs.utexas.edu/faculty-and-research/departments/irom/), a core member of the [Machine Learning Laboratory](https://ml.utexas.edu/), and a Graduate Studies Committee member in both the [Computer Science Department](https://www.cs.utexas.edu/) and the [Oden Institute](https://oden.utexas.edu/) at [UT Austin](https://www.utexas.edu/).

**I seek motivated students with similar research interests to join the lab, particularly in exploring the generalization behaviors of large language models. Please check out the [lab website](/humain_lab/) before reaching out!** 



<b>Past Experience:</b>
I obtained my Ph.D. from the [Machine Learning Department](https://www.ml.cmu.edu/) at [Carnegie Mellon University](https://www.cmu.edu/) in 2023, where I was advised by [Zachary Lipton](http://zacklipton.com). During my Ph.D., I interned at [Google DeepMind](https://www.deepmind.com/) London in  Summer 2022, working on human-centered mechanism design, and at [Apple Siri](https://www.apple.com/) in Summer 2019. I was an [Open Philanthropy AI Fellow](https://www.openphilanthropy.org/focus/global-catastrophic-risks/potential-risks-advanced-artificial-intelligence/the-open-phil-ai-fellowship) from 2020 to 2023, and was a postdoctoral researcher at [Princeton Language and Intelligence](https://pli.princeton.edu/) from 2023 to 2024. My Bachelor's degrees are in Computer Science from [Bryn Mawr College](https://www.brynmawr.edu/) and Mathematics from [Haverford College](https://www.haverford.edu/). During my undergrad, I spent a wonderful semester at [AIT-Budapest](https://www.ait-budapest.com) in Spring 2016.
